[SC] Updated Value Transfer Tutorial (#388)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/node/service-chain/getting-started/value-transfer.md

> This section will explain how to enable ERC-20 value transfer between Baobab network and your service chain with the provided test code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will explain how to enable ERC-20 value transfer between Baobab network and your ServiceChain with the provided test code.
```

You will add KLAY to the operator account and deploy bridge and ERC-20 contracts.
Then you will register the contract address on SCN. And you will test an ERC-20 value transferring.

## Prerequisites <a id="prerequisites"></a>

> - We assume that you installed the service chain, and connected the service chain to the Baobab EN ([link](en-scn-connection.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We assume that you installed the ServiceChain, and connected the ServiceChain to the Baobab EN ([link](en-scn-connection.md)).
```

> - We assume that you installed the ServiceChain, and connected the ServiceChain to the Baobab EN ([link](en-scn-connection.md)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We assume that you installed the ServiceChain, and connected the ServiceChain to the Baobab EN by the instructions in [Connecting to Baobab](en-scn-connection.md).
```

> - Clone the [cross-chain-transfer-example repository](https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt).

Reviewer 3: I cann't match cross-chain-transer-example and sc-vt repo name.
Can you change sc-vt to servicechain-value-transfer-examples

Author: Thanks. resolved.

> - Clone the [cross-chain-transfer-example repository](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Clone the repository [servicechain-value-transfer-examples](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples).
```

## Prerequisites <a id="prerequisites"></a>
- We assume that you installed the service chain, and connected the service chain to the Baobab EN ([link](en-scn-connection.md)).

> - Clone the [cross-chain-transfer-example repository](https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt).

Author: 1. Added [new branch](https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt/tree/ERC+KLAY). PTAL. I'll change that branch as default when you confirm.
2-1. Re-linked to EN page.
2-2. The configuration file is located in `common` dir.

> - Clone the [cross-chain-transfer-example repository](https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt).

Reviewer 2: @hyunsooda Good to go! Thanks! No objection to make this as master branch.
But I found something to be fixed.
1. typo "thorugh"
2. KLAY section does not have how to execute. Before execution you should first let readers know that the sender account should have enough KLAY.

> - Clone the [cross-chain-transfer-example repository](https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt).

Author: 1. Fixed.
2. Added a balance check caution.

> - Install `Node.js` (v10.60.0) and `npm` ([How to install](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/))

Reviewer 2: Since Node v10 is deprecated, could we use upper versions of node.js?

Author: Updated with a description of recommended is v14.

```

> ### Step 2: Deploy Contracts <a id="step-2-deploy-contracts"></a>

Reviewer 2: Does this deploy the bridge contract and token contract as well? Please describe what contracts will be deployed with this.

Author: Added additional description.

- Connect to the SCN and prepare the node environment for contract deployment.
- Clone the [cross-chain-transfer-example repository](https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt).

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt
$ cd sc-vt
$ npm install
$ cd erc20
```

On a text editor, edit the `bridge_info.json` as below. 

> - Replace `ip` and `port` in the `child` section (SCN node on ServiceChain network) with the actual values of your SCN. The port is RPC_PORT in `kscnd.conf`. The default configuration is using port 7551.

Author: Good suggestion. Applied. I'll update klaytn-deploy repo soon.

```
$ node erc20-deploy.js
```

You can see the required initialization APIs in the deployment source code. If you want to register them manually, you can type the API calls in your attached console.
Do not run these commands if you ran `node erc20-deploy.js` since the script already called those APIs (It causes a duplicate error).
```
> subbridge.registerBridge("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR")
null
> subbridge.subscribeBridge("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR")
null
> subbridge.registerToken("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xCHILD_TOKEN_ADDR", "0XPARENT_TOKEN_ADDR")
null
```

### Step 3: Token transfer <a id="step-3-token-transfer"></a>
Perform token transfer with the command `node erc20-transfer-1step.js`.
```
$ node erc20-transfer-1step.js
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step START -------------------------
alice balance: 0
requestValueTransfer..
alice balance: 100
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step END -------------------------
```

> Check if the result is `alice balance: 100`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the result is `alice balance: 100`, then it has been executed successfully.
```

## ERC-20 Token Transfer (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-twostep"></a>
Run erc20-transfer-2step.js for the two-step transfer example.

> The two-step transfer consists of two function calls: (1) approve bridge contract first, and then (2) call the contract function(`requestERC20Transfer()`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The two-step transfer consists of two function calls: (1) approve the bridge contract first, and then (2) call the contract function `requestERC20Transfer()`.
```

```
$ node erc20-transfer-2step.js
> ------------------------- erc20-transfer-2step START -------------------------
> alice balance: 100
> requestValueTransfer..
> alice balance: 200
------------------------- erc20-transfer-2step END -------------------------
```

> ## KIP-7 Token Transfer via ERC-20 Interface (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-compatiable"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## KIP-7 Token Transfer via ERC-20 Interface (two-step) <a id="kip-7-token-transfer-via-erc-20-interface-two-step"></a>
```

> KIP7 is compatiable token standard with ERC20. We can call `requestERC20Transfer()` function from the KIP7 token contract and vice versa.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KIP-7 is a compatible token standard with ERC20. We can call `requestERC20Transfer()` function to a KIP-7 token contract to transfer KIP-7 Tokens between a parent chain and a child chain.
```

> In the case of sending the KIP-7 token via ERC20 interface, we call the `approve()` function to allow the bridge can send the token instaed of the transaction sender, and then call the `requestERC20Transfer()` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the case of sending KIP-7 tokens via ERC-20 interface, we call the `approve()` function to allow the bridge to send the tokens on behalf of the transaction sender. Then call the `requestERC20Transfer()` function.
```

> The below command is an example of sending KIP7 tokens using the ERC20 interface with `requestERC20Transfer()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below command is an example of sending KIP-7 tokens using the ERC-20 interface with `requestERC20Transfer()`.
```

```

> $ node kip7-deploy.js

Reviewer 2: Don't we have deployment for ERC-20? Why do we have this?

Author: I couldn't understand what you points out. The example is sending KIP-7 token via the ERC-20 interface. That's why the example deploys the KIP-7 token. Is it what you concerned? The example that deploys ERC-20 appeared above.

Reviewer 2: Sorry. I missed some contexts.

In the previous examples, we have three '##' headings:
```
## ERC-20 Token Transfer (one-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-onestep"></a>
## ERC-20 Token Transfer (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-twostep"></a>
## KIP-7 Token Transfer via ERC-20 Interface (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-compatiable"></a>
```
Only second one does not introduce 'ERC-20 deployment'. At least you have to mention how to deploy that or it has to have 'already deployed in the previous section' or something similar.

Author: Added.

> ------------------------- kip7-deploy START -------------------------
> info.bridge: 0x1362aBc251a8FC14C40Cb59Cb112B0FC74Baa9B4
> info.token: 0x30F194D1f25BC9b6773e59e9214b018dCc99add5
> info.bridge: 0x49523a060E172d3591867A6c3d15c9DA770fAF7E
> info.token: 0x73B8BF60573B2D0093312fdB79Ed6Cb1c05C62Bc
> registering bridges to the child node
> subscribing bridges to the child node
> register token to subbridge..
------------------------- kip7-deploy END -------------------------
```

```
$ node kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface.js
> ------------------------- kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface START -------------------------
> alice balance: 0
> requestValueTransfer..
> alice balance: 100
> ------------------------- kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface END -------------------------
```

Please refer [service-chain-value-transfer-example](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples) for the other cases.

> ## To Be Supported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Native Support for KIP-7 and KIP-17 (To Be Implemented)
```

> Currently, the bridge contract provided by the Klaytn team supports only `requestERC20Transfer()` and `requestERC721Transfer()` for token trasnfer. The corresponding request functions for KIP7 and KIP17 will be supported soon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the bridge contract provided by the Klaytn team supports only `requestERC20Transfer()` and `requestERC721Transfer()` for token transfer. The corresponding request functions for KIP-7 and KIP-17 will be supported soon.
```

> ## ERC-721, KIP7, KIP17, KLAY Transfer <a id="erc-721-token-transfer"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Value Transfer for ERC-721, KIP17, and KLAY <a id="value-transfer-for-erc-721-kip17-and-klay"></a>
```

> The workflow is the same as above. `erc721`, `kip7`, `kip17`, and `klay` directories contain corresponding example source code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The workflow is the same as above. [`erc721`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/erc721), [`kip17`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/kip17), and [`klay`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/klay) directories contain corresponding example source code.
```

Do not run these commands if you ran `node erc20-deploy.js` since the script already called those APIs (It causes a duplicate error).
```
> subbridge.registerBridge("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR")
null
> subbridge.subscribeBridge("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR")
null
> subbridge.registerToken("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xCHILD_TOKEN_ADDR", "0XPARENT_TOKEN_ADDR")
null
```

### Step 3: Token transfer <a id="step-3-token-transfer"></a>
Perform token transfer with the command `node erc20-transfer-1step.js`.
```
$ node erc20-transfer-1step.js
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step START -------------------------
alice balance: 0
requestValueTransfer..
alice balance: 100
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step END -------------------------
```

If the result is `alice balance: 100`, then it has been executed successfully.

## ERC-20 Token Transfer (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-twostep"></a>
Run erc20-transfer-2step.js for the two-step transfer example.
The two-step transfer consists of two function calls: (1) approve the bridge contract first, and then (2) call the contract function `requestERC20Transfer()`.

> We do not deploy contracts since we already deployed both birdge and token contracts. You must deploy first if you didn't deploy them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We do not deploy contracts since we already deployed both bridge and token contracts. You must deploy first if you didn't deploy them. You can deploy the contract using `node erc20-deploy.js`.
```

```
$ node erc20-transfer-2step.js
> ------------------------- erc20-transfer-2step START -------------------------
> alice balance: 100
> requestValueTransfer..
> alice balance: 200
------------------------- erc20-transfer-2step END -------------------------
```

## KIP-7 Token Transfer via ERC-20 Interface (two-step) <a id="kip-7-token-transfer-via-erc-20-interface-two-step"></a>
KIP-7 is a compatible token standard with ERC20. We can call `requestERC20Transfer()` function to a KIP-7 token contract to transfer KIP-7 Tokens between a parent chain and a child chain.
In the case of sending KIP-7 tokens via ERC-20 interface, we call the `approve()` function to allow the bridge to send the tokens on behalf of the transaction sender. Then call the `requestERC20Transfer()` function.

> The below command is an example of sending KIP-7 tokens using the ERC-20 interface with `requestERC20Transfer()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below command deploys the bridge contract and a KIP-7 contract. Then it registers and subscribes the bridge contract.
```

```
$ node kip7-deploy.js
> ------------------------- kip7-deploy START -------------------------
> info.bridge: 0x1362aBc251a8FC14C40Cb59Cb112B0FC74Baa9B4
> info.token: 0x30F194D1f25BC9b6773e59e9214b018dCc99add5
> info.bridge: 0x49523a060E172d3591867A6c3d15c9DA770fAF7E
> info.token: 0x73B8BF60573B2D0093312fdB79Ed6Cb1c05C62Bc
> registering bridges to the child node
> subscribing bridges to the child node
> register token to subbridge..
------------------------- kip7-deploy END -------------------------
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below command is an example of sending KIP-7 tokens using the ERC-20 interface with `requestERC20Transfer()`.

```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below command is an example of sending KIP-7 tokens using the ERC-20 interface with `requestERC20Transfer()`.
```
```

$ node kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface.js
> ------------------------- kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface START -------------------------
> alice balance: 0
> requestValueTransfer..
> alice balance: 100
> ------------------------- kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface END -------------------------
```

Please refer [service-chain-value-transfer-example](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples) for the other cases.

## Native Support for KIP-7 and KIP-17 (To Be Implemented) <a id="native-support-for-kip-7-and-kip-17-to-be-implemented"></a>

> Currently, the bridge contract provided by the Klaytn team supports only `requestERC20Transfer()` and `requestERC721Transfer()` for token transfer. The corresponding request functions for KIP-7 and KIP-17 will be supported soon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the bridge contract provided by the Klaytn team supports only `requestERC20Transfer()` and `requestERC721Transfer()` for token transfer. The corresponding request functions for KIP-7 and KIP-17 will be supported soon. Before the implementation is done, as you can see above, you can transfer KIP-7 tokens using ERC-20 interfaces.
```

```

### Step 2: Deploy Contracts <a id="step-2-deploy-contracts"></a>
- Connect to the SCN and prepare the node environment for contract deployment.

> - Clone the [cross-chain-transfer-example repository](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Clone the repository [servicechain-value-transfer-examples](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples).
```

In this step, we would deploy both the bridge contract and token contract in the parent as well as the child chain.
Token contracts are for mint/transfer test and bridge contracts are used to listen/handle value transfer requests.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples
$ cd servicechain-value-transfer-examples
$ npm install
$ cd erc20
```

On a text editor, edit the `bridge_info.json` as below.
- Replace `url` in the `child` section (SCN node on ServiceChain network) with your SCN node IP and the proper port number from `RPC_PORT` in `kscnd.conf`.
- Replace `key` with `testkey1` that was generated by `homi`.
- Set `operator` to the `subbridge.childOperator` address that we examined in the previous step.
- Replace `url` in the `parent` section (EN node on Baobab network) with your EN node IP and the proper port number from `RPC_PORT` in `kend.conf`.

> - Replace `key` with the private key of the test account created from [Baobab Wallet](https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.com/) in the previous step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Replace `parent.key` with the private key of the test account created from [Baobab Wallet](https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.com/) in the previous step.
```

- Set `operator` as the `subbridge.parentOperator` of the previous step.

```
{
     "child" : {
         "url": "http://192.168.0.1:7551",
         "key": "0x66cb283353589a10866b58d388e9d956e5a9c873a8c78fa4411d460c19c494ea",
         "operator": "0x10221f7f9355017cd0c11444e7eecb99621bacce"
     },
     "parent" : {
         "url": "http://192.168.0.5:8551",
         "key": "0x26f4b5ac42ceabcfd3b23a991fdbfc792d10ce700a99582fdf9185a8f163b790",
         "operator": "0x3ce216beeafc62d20547376396e89528e1d778ca"
     }
 }
```

- Add `subbridge` to `RPC_API` of `kscnd.conf`. This setting is required for sending an RPC call from the deployment script.
```
RPC_API="klay,subbridge"
```

> Perform the token deployment by running the command `node erc20-deploy.js`. This script deploys both the bridge contract and the token contract, and sends RPC calls to register and subscribe the token contract to the bridge contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Perform the token deployment by running the command `node erc20-deploy.js`. This script deploys both the bridge contract and the token contract, and it sends RPC calls to register and subscribe the token contract to the bridge contract.
```

```

> $ node erc20-deploy.js

Author: Added.

```

You can see the required initialization APIs in the deployment source code. If you want to register them manually, you can type the API calls in your attached console.

> Do not run these commands if you ran `node erc20-deploy.js` since the script already called those APIs (It causes a duplicate error).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: DO NOT run these commands if you ran `node erc20-deploy.js` since the script already called those APIs (It causes a duplicate error).
```

```
> subbridge.registerBridge("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR")
null
> subbridge.subscribeBridge("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR")
null
> subbridge.registerToken("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xCHILD_TOKEN_ADDR", "0XPARENT_TOKEN_ADDR")
null

> ```

Reviewer 2: Do we need this one actually? I think we can remove this section because the readers can actually run this command without reading these sentences.

Author: Uhm, I thought it would be helpful to give this instruction since these are actually required steps. These steps are currently implicitly behind of scenes due to the RPC request in the example code. So I've written explicitly.

Reviewer 2: Okay, I'm also good with this explicit execution, but we need to somehow make the readers not execute this. Any good idea?

Author: I've already written `Do not run these commands ...` Do you think this warning is insufficient?

Reviewer 2: Ah, okay, then let't more emphasize that.

### Step 3: Token transfer <a id="step-3-token-transfer"></a>

> Perform token transfer with the command `node erc20-transfer-1step.js`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Perform token transfer with the command `node erc20-transfer-1step.js`. This one-step token transfer requires modification of an ERC-20 token implementation. If you don't want to modify the token contract or you have a token contract that is already deployed, please refer to [ERC-20 Token Transfer (two-step)](erc-20-token-transfer-twostep).
```

Author: Thank you. Good suggestion.

```
$ node erc20-transfer-1step.js
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step START -------------------------
alice balance: 0
requestValueTransfer..
alice balance: 100
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step END -------------------------
```

If the result is `alice balance: 100`, then it has been executed successfully.

## ERC-20 Token Transfer (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-twostep"></a>

> Run erc20-transfer-2step.js for the two-step transfer example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run erc20-transfer-2step.js for the two-step transfer example. With this two-step token transfer example, unmodified ERC-20 token contracts can be used.
```

The two-step transfer consists of two function calls: (1) approve the bridge contract first, and then (2) call the contract function `requestERC20Transfer()`.

> We do not deploy contracts since we already deployed both bridge and token contracts. You must deploy first if you didn't deploy them. You can deploy the contract using `node erc20-deploy.js`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We do not deploy contracts in this section since we already deployed both bridge and token contracts. You must deploy first if you didn't deploy them. You can deploy the contract using `node erc20-deploy.js`.
```

```
$ node erc20-transfer-2step.js
> ------------------------- erc20-transfer-2step START -------------------------
> alice balance: 100
> requestValueTransfer..
> alice balance: 200
------------------------- erc20-transfer-2step END -------------------------
```

## KIP-7 Token Transfer via ERC-20 Interface (two-step) <a id="kip-7-token-transfer-via-erc-20-interface-two-step"></a>

> KIP-7 is a compatible token standard with ERC20. We can call `requestERC20Transfer()` function to a KIP-7 token contract to transfer KIP-7 Tokens between a parent chain and a child chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[KIP-7](https://kips.klaytn.com/KIPs/kip-7) is a token standard compatible with ERC-20. We can call `requestERC20Transfer()` function to a KIP-7 token contract to transfer KIP-7 tokens between a parent chain and a child chain.
```

> In the case of sending KIP-7 tokens via ERC-20 interface, we call the `approve()` function to allow the bridge to send the tokens on behalf of the transaction sender. Then call the `requestERC20Transfer()` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the case of sending KIP-7 tokens via the ERC-20 interface, we call the `approve()` function to allow the bridge to send the tokens on behalf of the transaction sender. Then call the `requestERC20Transfer()` function.
```

```
The below command is an example of sending KIP-7 tokens using the ERC-20 interface with `requestERC20Transfer()`.

```
$ node kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface.js
> ------------------------- kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface START -------------------------
> alice balance: 0
> requestValueTransfer..
> alice balance: 100
> ------------------------- kip7-transfer-2step-erc20-interface END -------------------------
```

Please refer [service-chain-value-transfer-example](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples) for the other cases.

## Native Support for KIP-7 and KIP-17 (To Be Implemented) <a id="native-support-for-kip-7-and-kip-17-to-be-implemented"></a>
Currently, the bridge contract provided by the Klaytn team supports only `requestERC20Transfer()` and `requestERC721Transfer()` for token transfer. The corresponding request functions for KIP-7 and KIP-17 will be supported soon. Before the implementation is done, as you can see above, you can transfer KIP-7 tokens using ERC-20 interfaces.

## Value Transfer for ERC-721, KIP-17, and KLAY <a id="value-transfer-for-erc721-kip17-and-klay"></a>

> The workflow is the same as above. [`erc721`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/erc721), [`kip17`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/kip17), and [`klay`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/klay) directories contain corresponding example source code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The workflow for ERC-721, KIP-17 and KLAY is the same as above. [`erc721`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/erc721), [`kip17`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/kip17), and [`klay`](https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples/tree/master/klay) directories contain corresponding example source code.
```

Author: Added KIP7 once committed this suggestion

Reviewer 2: @hyunsooda Do we need to add KIP7?
1. Please use "KIP-7" if we refer to the token standard.
2. KIP-7 is already described previously, I think. Do we need this one here? Then, we also provide a link for KIP-7 like others.

Author: Uh oh, I'm sorry. I forgot that I'd described it. You seem to be more aware of this tutorial than I, even though I'm the author of this draft. Thanks. 

Let me have a caution for the correct word. Thanks.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/klaytn/servicechain-value-transfer-examples
$ cd servicechain-value-transfer-examples
$ npm install
$ cd erc20
```

On a text editor, edit the `bridge_info.json` as below.
- Replace `url` in the `child` section (SCN node on ServiceChain network) with your SCN node IP and the proper port number from `RPC_PORT` in `kscnd.conf`.
- Replace `child.key` with `testkey1` that was generated by `homi`.
- Set `child.operator` to the `subbridge.childOperator` address that we examined in the previous step.
- Replace `url` in the `parent` section (EN node on Baobab network) with your EN node IP and the proper port number from `RPC_PORT` in `kend.conf`.
- Replace `parent.key` with the private key of the test account created from [Baobab Wallet](https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.com/) in the previous step.
- Set `parent.operator` as the `subbridge.parentOperator` of the previous step.

```
{
     "child" : {
         "url": "http://192.168.0.1:7551",
         "key": "0x66cb283353589a10866b58d388e9d956e5a9c873a8c78fa4411d460c19c494ea",
         "operator": "0x10221f7f9355017cd0c11444e7eecb99621bacce"
     },
     "parent" : {

>          "url": "http://192.168.0.5:8551",

Reviewer 3: Okay, I mistook about that environment. Thank you for your answer.

         "key": "0x26f4b5ac42ceabcfd3b23a991fdbfc792d10ce700a99582fdf9185a8f163b790",
         "operator": "0x3ce216beeafc62d20547376396e89528e1d778ca"
     }
 }
```

- Add `subbridge` to `RPC_API` of `kscnd.conf`. This setting is required for sending an RPC call from the deployment script.
```
RPC_API="klay,subbridge"
```

Perform the token deployment by running the command `node erc20-deploy.js`. This script deploys both the bridge contract and the token contract, and it sends RPC calls to register and subscribe the token contract to the bridge contract.
```
$ node erc20-deploy.js
------------------------- erc20-deploy START -------------------------

> info.bridge: 0xcb9e197cc328c39376C5aB7Dc5d3C684D5F9d2f3

Author: It's described [here](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/388/files#diff-334f69598a39791db11b9f36a46212ee4c3d4f5e96164a93fd0b20e50b3d5df5R110)

info.token: 0xd88d18D05629d58432FB192adE5c56279a2E5a2B
info.bridge: 0x1Da965D374Dc8065781394B01F669a190fB981C2
info.token: 0x09Ced338326DF53cea7e595C803c662eC020a0A5
registering bridges to the child node
subscribing bridges to the child node
register token to subbridge..

> ------------------------- erc20-deploy END -------------------------

Author: That's the actual output. It seems good to keep it as it is so that users following this tutorial can feel everything is executed well exactly with the tutorial's output.

```
$ node erc20-transfer-1step.js
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step START -------------------------
alice balance: 0
requestValueTransfer..
alice balance: 100
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step END -------------------------
```

If the result is `alice balance: 100`, then it has been executed successfully.

## ERC-20 Token Transfer (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-twostep"></a>
Run erc20-transfer-2step.js for the two-step transfer example. With this two-step token transfer example, unmodified ERC-20 token contracts can be used.
The two-step transfer consists of two function calls: (1) approve the bridge contract first, and then (2) call the contract function `requestERC20Transfer()`.
We do not deploy contracts in this section since we already deployed both bridge and token contracts. You must deploy first if you didn't deploy them. You can deploy the contract using `node erc20-deploy.js`.
```
$ node erc20-transfer-2step.js

> > ------------------------- erc20-transfer-2step START -------------------------

Reviewer 3: ">" some one is used, some one is not used.

Author: Thanks. Removed all.

```

### Step 2: Deploy Contracts <a id="step-2-deploy-contracts"></a>
- Connect to the SCN and prepare the node environment for contract deployment.
- Clone the [cross-chain-transfer-example repository](https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt).

> In this step, we would deploy both bridge contract and token contract in parent chain as well as child chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, we would deploy both the bridge contract and token contract in the parent as well as the child chain.
```

> Token contracts are for mint/trasnfer test and bridge contracts are used for the listen/handle value transfer request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Token contracts are for mint/transfer test and bridge contracts are used for the listen/handle value transfer request.
```

> Token contracts are for mint/transfer test and bridge contracts are used for the listen/handle value transfer request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token contracts are for mint/transfer test and bridge contracts are used to listen/handle value transfer requests.
```

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt
$ cd sc-vt
$ npm install
$ cd erc20
```

On a text editor, edit the `bridge_info.json` as below.
- Replace `url` in the `child` section (SCN node on ServiceChain network) with your SCN node IP and the proper port number from `RPC_PORT` in `kscnd.conf`.

> - Replace `key` with `testkey1` that was generated by `homi`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Replace `key` with `testkey1` that was generated by `homi`. Make sure that the corresponding account should have enough KLAY.
```

Hmm?? In your code I cannot find that the KLAY is sent to the bridge contract..?!
https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt/blob/master/klay/klay-deploy.js

Author: [PTAL again](https://github.com/klaytn/sc-vt/tree/master/klay).

- Set `operator` to the `subbridge.childOperator` address that we examined in the previous step.
- Replace `url` in the `parent` section (EN node on Baobab network) with your EN node IP and the proper port number from `RPC_PORT` in `kend.conf`.

> - Replace `key` with the private key of the test account created from [Baobab Wallet](https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.com/) in the previous step

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Replace `key` with the private key of the test account created from [Baobab Wallet](https://baobab.wallet.klaytn.com/) in the previous step.
```

- Set `operator` as the `subbridge.parentOperator` of the previous step.

```
{
     "child" : {
         "url": "http://192.168.0.1:7551",
         "key": "0x66cb283353589a10866b58d388e9d956e5a9c873a8c78fa4411d460c19c494ea",
         "operator": "0x10221f7f9355017cd0c11444e7eecb99621bacce"
     },
     "parent" : {
         "url": "http://192.168.0.5:8551",
         "key": "0x26f4b5ac42ceabcfd3b23a991fdbfc792d10ce700a99582fdf9185a8f163b790",
         "operator": "0x3ce216beeafc62d20547376396e89528e1d778ca"
     }
 }
```

> - Add `subbridge` to `RPC_API` of `kscnd.conf`. This setting is required for sending RPC call from the deployment script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add `subbridge` to `RPC_API` of `kscnd.conf`. This setting is required for sending an RPC call from the deployment script.
```

```
RPC_API="klay,subbridge"
```

> Perform token deployment by running `node erc20-deploy.js` command. This script deploys both bridge contract and token contract and sends RPC calls to register and subscribe the token contract to the bridge contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the token deployment by running the command `node erc20-deploy.js`. This script deploys both the bridge contract and the token contract, and sends RPC calls to register and subscribe the token contract to the bridge contract.
```

```
$ node erc20-deploy.js
```

> You can see the required initialization APIs in the deployment source code. If you want to register manually them, you can type api calls on your attached console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see the required initialization APIs in the deployment source code. If you want to register manually them, you can type API calls on your attached console.
```

> Do not run these commands if you did run `node erc20-deploy.js` since the script already called those APIs (It cause duplicated error).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not run these commands if you ran `node erc20-deploy.js` since the script already called those APIs (It causes a duplicate error).
```

```
> subbridge.registerBridge("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR")
null

> > subbridge.subscribeBridge("0x..", "0x...")

Reviewer 2: Please update this as the above.

Author: Updated.

null
> subbridge.registerToken("0x...", "0x...", "0x...", "0x...")
null
```

### Step 3: Token transfer <a id="step-3-token-transfer"></a>

> Perform token transfer with `node erc20-transfer-1step.js` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform token transfer with the command `node erc20-transfer-1step.js`.
```

```
$ node erc20-transfer-1step.js
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step START -------------------------
alice balance: 0
requestValueTransfer..
alice balance: 100
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step END -------------------------
```

Check if the result is `alice balance: 100`.

## ERC-20 Token Transfer (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-twostep"></a>

> Run erc20-transfer-2step.js for two-step transfer example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run erc20-transfer-2step.js for the two-step transfer example.
```

> The two-step transfer consist of two function calls: (1) approve bridge contract first, and then (2) call contract function(`requestXXXTransfer()`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The two-step transfer consists of two function calls: (1) approve bridge contract first, and then (2) call the contract function(`requestERC20Transfer()`).
```

```
$ node erc20-transfer-2step.js
```

> ## ERC-20 Token Transfer via Compatible Token Contract (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-compatiable"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## ERC-20 Token Transfer via Compatible Token Contract (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-compatible"></a>
```

Reviewer 2: Hmm... Let's reorg this.

1. Describe ERC-721 examples here. Just explaining how to execute is enough. (1 step and 2 steps together).
2. Make a section. Let's say "KCT (Klaytn Compatible Token) transfer". Then describe that we do not support KIP-7, KIP-17 contracts in the current version, but we can transfer those tokens using ERC-20/721, blabla.

Author: 1. The execution detail is already explained in the example repository. Do you think need it twice here still?
2. The same case as above.

Then, what about (1) bringing them here or (2) writing twice here?

Reviewer 2: Let me make clear on this.
1. "ERC-20 Token Transfer via Compatible Token Contract" seems not aligned in the description. The description explains "KCT(KIP-7 and KIP-17)s Token Transfer via ERC-20 and ERC-721 interface".
2. Instead of providing general information, let's say here to "KIP-7 Token Transfer via ERC-20 Interface".
3. then, in the next section, other value transfers are described in this repo. blabla.

Author: Revised. PTAL.

> $ node erc20-transfer-2step.js

Reviewer 2: Isn't it print some logs? If then please add them here so that readers understand they executed well.

Author: Thanks, added.

> KIP7 and KIP17 standards are compatiable token standard with ERC20 and ERC721 standard. We can call `requestERCXXXTransfer()` and `requestKIPXXXTransfer()` functions from KIP7 token contract and ERC token contract, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KIP7 and KIP17 are compatiable with the token standards ERC20 and ERC721. We can call `requestERCXXXTransfer()` and `requestKIPXXXTransfer()` functions from the KIP7 token contract and the ERC token contract, respectively.
```

> Currently, the bridge contract, provided by Klaytn team supports only `requestERC20Transfer()` and `requestERC721Transfer()` for token trasnfer. The corresponding request functions for KIP7 and KIP17 would be supported soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the bridge contract provided by the Klaytn team supports only `requestERC20Transfer()` and `requestERC721Transfer()` for token trasnfer. The corresponding request functions for KIP7 and KIP17 will be supported soon.
```

> The below command shows example of seding KIP7 token using ERC20 interface with `requestERC20Transfer()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below command is an example of sending KIP7 tokens using the ERC20 interface with `requestERC20Transfer()`.
```

```
$ node erc20-transfer-2step-kip7-interface.js
```

## ERC-721, KIP7, KIP17, KLAY Transfer <a id="erc-721-token-transfer"></a>

> The workflow is same as above. `erc721`, `kip7`, `kip17`, and `klay` directories contain corresponding example source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow is the same as above. `erc721`, `kip7`, `kip17`, and `klay` directories contain corresponding example source code.
```

 }
```

> - Add rpc option for `subbridge` to `kscnd.conf`. This setting is required for sending rpc call from the deployment script. If you don't need rpc call via script, then it's not necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add `subbridge` to `RPC_API` of `kscnd.conf`. This setting is required for sending RPC call from the deployment script.
```

```
RPC_API="klay,subbridge"
```

> Perform token deployment with `node erc20-deploy.js` command. This script deploy both bridge contract and token contract and send rpc calls to register and subscribe them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Perform token deployment by running `node erc20-deploy.js` command. This script deploys both bridge contract and token contract and sends RPC calls to register and subscribe the token contract to the bridge contract.
```

```
$ node erc20-deploy.js
```

> You can see the required initialization APIs in the source code. If you want to register manually them, you can type api calls on your attached console.

Reviewer 2: Could you add a link to "source code"?

Author: Just added a word, not specific file location since the corresponding source code are five and seems verbose if the full location is added file by file.

> Do not run these commands if you did run `node erc20-deploy.js` since the script already called those APIs and successfully initialized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not run these commands if you did run `node erc20-deploy.js` since the script already called those APIs.
```

Could you check out what happens if we register the same contract twice?

Author: Added implication.

```

> > subbridge.registerBridge("0x...", "0x...")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> subbridge.registerBridge("0xCHILD_BRIDGE_ADDR", "0xPARENT_BRIDGE_ADDR")
```

null
> subbridge.subscribeBridge("0x..", "0x...")
null
> subbridge.registerToken("0x...", "0x...", "0x...", "0x...")
null
```

> ### Step 3: Token transfer <a id="step-4-token-transfer"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Token transfer <a id="step-3-token-transfer"></a>
```

Perform token transfer with `node erc20-transfer-1step.js` command.
```
$ node erc20-transfer-1step.js
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step START -------------------------
alice balance: 0
requestValueTransfer..
alice balance: 100
------------------------- erc20-transfer-1step END -------------------------
```

Check if the result is `alice balance: 100`.

## ERC-20 Token Transfer (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-twostep"></a>
Run erc20-transfer-2step.js for two-step transfer example.

> The two-step transfer consist of two function calls: (1) approve bridge contract first, and then (2) call contract function(`requestXXXTransfer()`). 

Reviewer 2: Why do we use requestXXX? This is a step-by-step example for ERC-20?

Author: Yes.

```
$ node erc20-transfer-2step.js
```

## ERC-20 Token Transfer via Compatible Token Contract (two-step) <a id="erc-20-token-transfer-compatiable"></a>

> KIP7 and KIP17 standards are compatiable token standard with ERC20 and ERC721 standard. We can call `requestERCXXXTransfer()` and `requestKIPXXXTransfer()` functions from KIP7 token contract and ERC token contract, respectively. 

Author: Yes. the additional description is added right after that statement. PTAL.
